Remove deprecated `on_{save,load}_checkpoint` signature (#8697)
PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning: CHANGELOG.md

- Removed the deprecated `optimizer_idx` from `training_step` as an accepted argument in manual optimization ([#8576](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/8576))

- Removed support for the deprecated `on_save_checkpoint` signature. The hook now takes a `checkpoint` positional parameter ([#8697](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/8697))

> - Removed support for the deprecated `on_load_checkpoint` signature. The hook now takes a `model` positional parameter ([#8697](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/8697))

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
- Removed support for the deprecated `on_load_checkpoint` signature. The hook now takes a `pl_module` positional parameter ([#8697](https://github.com/PyTorchLightning/pytorch-lightning/pull/8697))
```
